[♪...]
DOOR: Whoever can open This door
will gain a great new power.
But know, that with such a
reward comes great risk.
Have you the courage
to unlock this power?
Yuma: Um, great risk?
Lemme think about it,
don't think so...
[yelling]
weird dream.
Oh well, least I'm up now.
[ringing]
and late!
Aw, not again!
What am I forgetting,
what am I forgetting?
Oh Yeah, to get dressed.
Kari: Sure, sounds like a scoop.
I'll get right on it boss.
I love a good lead
in the morning.
What gives, Kari?
Why didn't you wake me up?
Because I'm a news reporter,
not your babysitter.
You're in middle school now,
little bro, act like it.
Bye, grandma.
Grandma: But yuma
what about a goodbye kiss?
No time.
Uahhh!
Uh, grandma, what are you doing?
Either you give grandma a kiss
goodbye or you get
a grand slobbering.
My name's yuma tsukumo and
This is my life.
[♪...]
♪ if life is a game they
say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die if I
high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take off
it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and Chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me through my
darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart will
lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll take a
chance in today ♪
Litter Bot: Trash identified.
Trash contained.
Comin' through!
Error, error.
Thanks for the lift!
-Bronk: Yuma!
-Whoa!
Hey bronk!
Do wanna race to class?
Lemme Chew on that, yeah, okay.
Yeah!
I'm gainin' on ya!
Gain on this!
Ahhh!
[Laughing] See ya!
Bronk!
Trash Identified TRASH
IDENTIFIED Trash identified
Hey, that's not trash!
Cut it out!
Not trash?
No it's not, it's my deck.
Your deck?
Yeah, for dueling.
Dueling trash?
Arrr, listen you tin twits,
they're not trash.
Girl a: Check it out, Tori
Tori: Yuma should really
get some new cards.
How come?
Looks like those litter bots
think they're garbage.
Yeah
School Official : Second period
gym will now begin.
All students please report to
the field house.
Twenty!
Jump over this many vault boxes
and you'll set the
New school record!
That record's goin' Down,'c
I'm about to high five the sky.
[yelling]
you okay, yuma?
Yeah
[laughing]
Ground's not that hard.
Nice try, bud!
Go yuma!
Ha,there's no way
he'll do it.
Hold my breath for a lap?
No problem...ahhh!
Yuma!
[Crowd laughing]
teacher A: So as this example
clearly shows
a sentence has a
noun and a predicate
so, why do you do it yuma?
Those dares,
why not?
It's good fun.
It's fun to turn green
coughing up pool water?
No but that's the
price you pay.
If you're gonna be great, ya
gotta take chances.
So I take lots
because I wanna be the
greatest Tori.
And with This golden key, one
day I will be.
That's the key your parents gave
you, right?
That they found on one of their
expeditions?
Yep.
And you know what it unlocks?
Potential.
Isn't that cool?
Really?
Think it could work on me?
Nope.
Why?
Cuz this key's part of me.
With it, I'm good to go.
With it, I feel the flow.
Ahem.
Sorry.
And I feel the flow most
during duel period.
Boy a: My draw!
Alright, let's get to it.
Duel gazer set.
[roaring]
whoa!
What are we waiting for Tori?
Let's get to it.
Let's get dueling.
[grunting]
now, who to duel today
you mean who to lose to today.
What's that supposed to mean?
I mean, yeah, sure
I've lost twenty straight,
so what?
Yuma look.
It's bronk.
Ahh!
Oh no
and look who he's dueling
it's shark.
Shark: I've got you now bronk.
See, since I've got two
monsters on the field
and they both have
the same level
I can use them to
summon an xyz monster.
So watch as I overlay
my skull kraken and
big jaws to do just that.
Watch as I unleash a terror of
both land and sea.
Watch
as I summon
aero shark!
Ahh!
[Roaring]
now that's a man-Eater!
Wow.
Ya know why an xyz
summon is so cool, Tori?
Cuz the monsters used stick
around as overlay units
and help activate their new
Buddy's special powers.
It's all about teamwork.
I betcha those litter bots
wouldn't call my cards trash.
If I had an xyz monster.
Now, aero shark.
Dig in on that chump.
[yelling]
oh man, bronk
thanks for the duel
and for this.
Bronk's deck?
Not so fast!
Who are you?
My name is yuma.
And I'm bronk's good friend.
Buzz off.
Or don't ya know who you're
messing with?
Sure, I know him.
Everyone knows the school bully.
I'm no bully
you see bronk and I
we had an arrangement.
What?
It went like this
whoever won got the
other's duel deck.
Is that True?
It is
but I had to do it.
He challenged me
called me a big chicken!
Fine then, if you're gonna
challenge My friend
then I'm gonna challenge you!
Minion a: what?
You're outta you're mind.
Minion B: You're not even close
to being in the same
league as shark!
Nah, you're not even
in the same sport!
So is that a no?
I guess that means you're
just a big chicken!
Chicken?
You know what happened
to the last person
that called me chicken?
Something, uh, bad?
I don't know because it's
never ever happened before!
Oh, well then let
this be the first.
Big talk.
Alright, yuma,
say that we did duel.
You want bronk's deck back but
what's in it for me?
Good question
hadn't thought of that
hey, that's mine!
My, this certainly
seems important
to you, now doesn't it?
Give it!
Settle down, since it means that
much to you, I'll give it back
and duel you for it...whoops.
I dropped it.
Hope nothing bad happens
to it down there,
say, like this.
[gasp]
uh!
Why did you do that?
The same reason I'm doing this.
Guess you're right after all
I am a bully!
And since we can't duel for that
anymore, you don't get this.
-that's it, you're toast.
-Stop it!
You don't give up, do ya?
Alright, if you still
wanna duel me,
I guess we can figure some sort
of arrangement out.
If you beat me, I'll give back
this deck.
But, if I win yuma
I get your deck.
This Sunday.
At the station courtyard.
If you want bronk's
cards back be there.
Whoever can open This door will
gain a great new power.
But know, that with such a
reward comes great risk.
Have you the courage to unlock
this power?
I don't even know if I have the
key to unlock it anymore.
Hey yuma
you gonna try and leap those
twenty blocks again?
Not today.
Yuma, wanna try that
underwater lap again?
Not really.
Hey, what's wrong
with you today?
I dunno, Tori.
I guess that I'm just not
feeling the flow.
Ever since shark broke my key
things just haven't
been the same.
Yeah.
Yuma
what's up?
Yuma...This duel with shark.
Are you doing it?
Well, uh
don't go.
You can't win, yuma.
What do you mean by that?
I mean shark made it all the way
to the duel nationals last year.
Look
thanks for trying an all.
But I'm over this, really.
But it's not just about you now.
It's about doing what's right.
Shark's gotta learn he can't
push people around like this.
And I'm gonna be the
one to teach him.
So what if he made
it to the nationals.
One day, I'm gonna
make it there too!
Uh, whatever.
Here.
Whoa
how did you find this?
Duh
I went lookin' for it.
Later!
Maybe those litter bots were
right and my cards are trash.
No, this was my dad's deck
and I know he gave it
to me for a reason.
Bye grandma.
Wait.
Oh right, your kiss.
No.
What's this?
Duel fuel.
Now go take down that bully.
I can't believe it.
You actually showed.
Hope you said your goodbyes.
Cuz all of your cards
are about to be mine.
Sorry, But the only thing that
you're gonna be getting.
Is a good old fashioned
Butt-Kickin'.
and why's that?
Cuz I'm feelin'...the flow!
Duel Disk go!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Duel interface set.
Computer voice: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
Yay, yuma.
Win this.
Get set to get decked.
I summon zubaba Knight.
You're going down, shark!
Zubaba KNIGHT: Zubaba Knight!
I summon zubaba KNIGHT
zubaba Knight
of course, since I went first...
I'm not allowed to
attack this turn.
So go ahead, your move.
Got that right and with it, I
intend to crown that Knight.
It's my draw!
I summon forth big jaws.
[roaring]
man, 1800 attack points.
That's right and since zubaba
Knight has just 1600.
You're in deep water.
After all, when
two monsters fight
the one with the least attack
points is destroyed and
its owner takes the
difference as damage.
Aw great, so that means I'm
losing 200 life points!
Next time, play your weak
monster in defense mode.
Although,it really wouldn't have
mattered this time.
Cuz of this.
The spell card aqua jet.
Now until the end of this turn
my big jaws gains
1000 attack points.
There it is.
Yep, shark's super spell combo!
Now, big jaws, it's...
feeding time.
Attack.
[roaring]
zubaba Bash!
Ah, my life points.
Next I'll place a facedown card
and end my turn.
Nuts...
we just started and I'm already
down in a big way.
I gotta even the score.
I summon out...gagaga magician.
[lightning]
you're summoning
him in attack mode?
With just 1500 attack points?
You just don't listen
do ya?
Oh, I sure do
that's why I'm
equipping gagaga with This
wonder wand!
Now my magician Gains
500 attack points.
You said Play Weak
monsters in defense mode
Well, he's no
weak monster.
Hey alright.
Now gagaga is stronger
than big jaws.
Now go mighty magician.
Reel in that fish.
How about you try and get real.
I play my facedown!
Your facedown?
That's right, zeus' breath!
And I have a feeling it's going
to stink for you
because thanks to this trap
I can put a stop to your
monster's attack.
Ahh!
And there's more
if I have a water
monster on my field
you also take
800 points of damage.
And there is a water
monster on my field...
so prepare to be soaked
with a serious splash of damage!
Ahh!
Oh boy, wait, I got it!
Yeah!
If you can play trap cards,
so can I!
So that's what I'll do.
Yuma!
You can play two types of
facedown's, spells and traps!
Never say which it is!
Oohh, get it together!
Trap card, huh?
Big deal, it's my draw.
And first, I summon skull
kraken!
[Explosion]
600 attack points?
Alright, no prob.
Gagaga magician is still the
strongest monster on the field.
Not for long he's not
I activate skull kraken's
special ability.
With it, I can destroy one
face-Up spell or
trap card on your field, such as
that wonder wand, for example.
-Oh no!
-Oh yes.
Now gagaga magician is back at
the bottom of the food chain.
Not good.
Why?
Shark's got two
monsters out now!
The same ones he had right
before he beat me.
He must be planning
an xyz summon.
And if he gets it off.
There's no way yuma
will win this.
Yuma...
you fool!
Did you really think
you could beat me.
The best of the best, and win
bronk's deck back?
Yeah, I kinda did.
Guess I was wrong.
I thought I was feelin' the
flow, but maybe not.
Face it, yuma.
I stomped your
little key to pieces
and now I'm gonna stomp you.
That's right, yuma
this duel is over
and when I win your duel deck
I'm gonna trash it just like I
trashed your key.
Then maybe you'll learn your
lesson, don't pick fights you
can't win.
That's where you're wrong, shark
I'll never learn that lesson.
No matter how many times I fall
no matter how many times I get
laughed at
I'll keep trying to high five
the sky 'cause when
you're feeling the flow, there's
no going back.
And speaking of feelin'
the flow
I...so...am!
My key...
whoa, it's my dream.
This is no dream.
Have you the courage to unlock
this power?
It is time to decide, yuma.
Female voice: Have you the
courage?
-What will it be?
-He has the courage.
Ahh!
Alright!
Let's flow!
Whao, ahhh!
What was that,
and what's all this?
Whoa, that was weird.
Hey
my key...
it's totally fixed!
Huh!
Yes, and you are in a fix!
Ahh!
NUMBER: Yes, shark.
Jj let the number take hold
ahh!
I overlay level 3...
big jaws and kraken!
Now, I can build
the overlay network!
Now, number 17,
leviathan Dragon!
Be born!
[♪...]
what is that?
I've never seen this monster
before in my life.
Yeah
same here.
And what's with the
whole number thing?
[roaring]
now by removing one of my
overlay units
like my skull kraken
I can power up leviathan Dragon
by 500 attack points.
What?
Leviathan Dragon attack with
Shock Stream blast!
[Roaring]
[YELLING]
yuma!
This duel's just about done.
One more attack and you're
through.
Ahh, that's some Dragon.
So much for a comeback.
Astral: Rise
Rise up!
Who, who are you?